Readme.md, before:

# Primestudios.me 
---
## Context to this GitHub
---
This is a project page for the projects I have completed using HTML/CSS/JS/SHELL 

* My first project that is currently on show is "Splash Out!". This project was made for my CIDA ICT Coursework and is 
  a company that specialises in water themed activities for young adults and the scenario is: I have to make a Web Brouchure for them

To get to this page use this link: [primestudios.me](http://www.primestudios.me)
## What is PRIME Studios
---
 * PRIME Studios is my personal Development group consisting of developers, designers and graphical designers
 * Want to join? If you would like to enquire: [https://primestudios.slack.com](https://primestudios.slack.com) (Contact me if you would like to join)
## How to Navigate this Repo
---

There are two versions of this Repo one being the Main "Prime Studios" page then into the "Splash Out!" page
### Prime Studios
---
* [Main Index](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/newindex.html)
* [Home](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/newindex.html)
* [Welcome](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/newelcome.html)
* All the rest of the pages are located within the different Pages but can be found with the prefix "new"
### Splash Out!
---
* [Main Index](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/index.html)
* [Home](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/home.html)
* [Welcome](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/welcome.html)
* All the rest of the pages are located within the different Pages but can be found with no prefix of "new"

>This is the first project using HTML, CSS and JS called "Splash-Out", which 
 was from my IT Coursework

![alt text](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/Images/readme.md/Example%20Images/SplashOutExample.PNG "Logo Title Text 1")

## Installation
---

OS X & Linux:

[0.1.4.8](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1eOBVcvu49iQLo_v3vCc1c-7ZvMYIeguz)

Windows:

[0.1.4.8](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1eOBVcvu49iQLo_v3vCc1c-7ZvMYIeguz)

## Release History
---
* 0.1.4.7-alpha
    ### ADDS
     * Adding New and Updated animation for Try Surfing
     * Added Meta Description Tag
     * Adding New Releases to Readme.md
     * Adding email account to Readme.md
     * Adding SurfIcon

    ### CHANGES
     * Updating License
* 0.1.4.4
     ### ADDS
     * ADD: Adding Google Analytics
     * ADD: Adding New and Updated animation
     * ADD: Added Meta Description Tag
     
     ### REMOVES
     * REMOVE: Getting Rid of Travis Temp
* 0.1.4.1
    ### UPDATES
    * Update .travis.yml
* 0.1.4.0 
    ### ADDS
    * ADD: newminigamensake.html
    * ADD: newstyle.css
    * ADD: image1.5.png
    * ADD: image2.5.png
    * ADD: image3.5.png
    ### CHANGES
    * CHANGE: hrefs of files
    * CHANGE: background pictures
* 0.1.3.8
    ### ADDS
    * ADD: Adding HTML, CSS and JS files
    * ADD: Adding Comments into the files
* 0.0.1
    ### UPDATES
    * Work in progress

## Meta
---

Primestudios – [@primestudios121](https://twitter.com/primestudios121) – primestudios1234@gmail.com

Distributed under the Apache License 2.0 license. See [``LICENSE``](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/LICENSE) for more information.

[https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/LICENSE)

<!-- Markdown link -->

# Evalution of the Splash Out Project
---

# 1.1
---
### **Ethos**
My **ethos**, strategic philosophy and direction revolves around the fact 
of productiivity and the whole framework of this project derives upon 
hard work and perseverance and alot of creative and logical input.
# 1.2
---
### **Introduction**
This evaluation provides evaluted infomaton obtained by the creator Elliott Mitchell of the Splash Out Project
regarding the sections **_Splash Screen_**,  **_Welcome Screen_**,  **_Home Screen_**,  **_Navigation Screen_**,  **_Activities Movie_**,
 **_Try Surfing_**,  **_New This Year_** and  **_Find Out More_**. This evalutaion will pay 
 particular attention to the quality of the pages and the functionality of each.
 The evaluation will comment on the behaviour of each section too and they will provide the way of creation
 and the contents reasoning.
# 1.3
---
### **Start-Up**
As you will load into the website you will be immediately recorded on **_Google Analytics_** for improved and more accurate
repersentations of **_traffic_** and **_retention_** on the webpage, which will improve the quaility of the webpage because I can see the response to changes for example this is the traffic for this year: 
![alt text](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/ActiveUsers.PNG?raw=true "Active Users From This Year")

You will be then granted with first:
* Splash Screen
* Welcome Screen

## 1.3.25
---
#### **Splash Screen**
The Splash Screen is a graphical control element consisting of a window containing an image, a logo and in this case an animated 
spinning circles. These are typicall found on launching a program take netflix for example:

[![](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/NetflixSplashScreen.PNG?raw=true)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NN1jB5UZ650 "Netflix Splash Screen")
## 1.3.75
---
##### **Welcome Screen** 
# 1.4
---
### **Navigation Screen**
# 1.5
---
### **Activities Movie**
# 1.6
---
### **Try Surfing**
# 1.7
---
### **New This Year**
# 1.8
---
### **Find Out More**

Commit message:

Adding Welcome Screen to Evaluation

Readme.md, after:

# Primestudios.me 
---
## Context to this GitHub
---
This is a project page for the projects I have completed using HTML/CSS/JS/SHELL 

* My first project that is currently on show is "Splash Out!". This project was made for my CIDA ICT Coursework and is 
  a company that specialises in water themed activities for young adults and the scenario is: I have to make a Web Brouchure for them

To get to this page use this link: [primestudios.me](http://www.primestudios.me)
## What is PRIME Studios
---
 * PRIME Studios is my personal Development group consisting of developers, designers and graphical designers
 * Want to join? If you would like to enquire: [https://primestudios.slack.com](https://primestudios.slack.com) (Contact me if you would like to join)
## How to Navigate this Repo
---

There are two versions of this Repo one being the Main "Prime Studios" page then into the "Splash Out!" page
### Prime Studios
---
* [Main Index](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/newindex.html)
* [Home](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/newindex.html)
* [Welcome](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/newelcome.html)
* All the rest of the pages are located within the different Pages but can be found with the prefix "new"
### Splash Out!
---
* [Main Index](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/index.html)
* [Home](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/home.html)
* [Welcome](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/welcome.html)
* All the rest of the pages are located within the different Pages but can be found with no prefix of "new"

>This is the first project using HTML, CSS and JS called "Splash-Out", which 
 was from my IT Coursework

![alt text](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/Images/readme.md/Example%20Images/SplashOutExample.PNG "Logo Title Text 1")

## Installation
---

OS X & Linux:

[0.1.4.8](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1eOBVcvu49iQLo_v3vCc1c-7ZvMYIeguz)

Windows:

[0.1.4.8](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1eOBVcvu49iQLo_v3vCc1c-7ZvMYIeguz)

## Release History
---
* 0.1.4.7-alpha
    ### ADDS
     * Adding New and Updated animation for Try Surfing
     * Added Meta Description Tag
     * Adding New Releases to Readme.md
     * Adding email account to Readme.md
     * Adding SurfIcon

    ### CHANGES
     * Updating License
* 0.1.4.4
     ### ADDS
     * ADD: Adding Google Analytics
     * ADD: Adding New and Updated animation
     * ADD: Added Meta Description Tag
     
     ### REMOVES
     * REMOVE: Getting Rid of Travis Temp
* 0.1.4.1
    ### UPDATES
    * Update .travis.yml
* 0.1.4.0 
    ### ADDS
    * ADD: newminigamensake.html
    * ADD: newstyle.css
    * ADD: image1.5.png
    * ADD: image2.5.png
    * ADD: image3.5.png
    ### CHANGES
    * CHANGE: hrefs of files
    * CHANGE: background pictures
* 0.1.3.8
    ### ADDS
    * ADD: Adding HTML, CSS and JS files
    * ADD: Adding Comments into the files
* 0.0.1
    ### UPDATES
    * Work in progress

## Meta
---

Primestudios – [@primestudios121](https://twitter.com/primestudios121) – primestudios1234@gmail.com

Distributed under the Apache License 2.0 license. See [``LICENSE``](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/LICENSE) for more information.

[https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/LICENSE)

<!-- Markdown link -->

# Evalution of the Splash Out Project
---

# 1.1
---
### **Ethos**
My **ethos**, strategic philosophy and direction revolves around the fact 
of productiivity and the whole framework of this project derives upon 
hard work and perseverance and alot of creative and logical input.
# 1.2
---
### **Introduction**
This evaluation provides evaluted infomaton obtained by the creator Elliott Mitchell of the Splash Out Project
regarding the sections **_Splash Screen_**,  **_Welcome Screen_**,  **_Home Screen_**,  **_Navigation Screen_**,  **_Activities Movie_**,
 **_Try Surfing_**,  **_New This Year_** and  **_Find Out More_**. This evalutaion will pay 
 particular attention to the quality of the pages and the functionality of each.
 The evaluation will comment on the behaviour of each section too and they will provide the way of creation
 and the contents reasoning.
# 1.3
---
### **Start-Up**
As you will load into the website you will be immediately recorded on **_Google Analytics_** for improved and more accurate
repersentations of **_traffic_** and **_retention_** on the webpage, which will improve the quaility of the webpage because I can see the response to changes for example this is the traffic for this year: 
![alt text](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/ActiveUsers.PNG?raw=true "Active Users From This Year")

You will be then granted with first:
* Splash Screen
* Welcome Screen

## 1.3.25
---
#### **Splash Screen**
The Splash Screen is a graphical control element consisting of a window containing an image, a logo and in this case an animated 
spinning circles. These are typicall found on launching a program take netflix for example:

[![](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/NetflixSplashScreen.PNG?raw=true)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NN1jB5UZ650 "Netflix Splash Screen")
## 1.3.75
---
##### **Welcome Screen** 
The Welcome screen consists of 5 elements the first being the "Welcome" with a back shadow in the house style font of Splash Out the
next is the "To The Splash Out Page", which presents people to what they are viewing. The next "To Proceed Click Continue", which
prompts the user to click continue to the "Home page" but in a more greener font. The 4th element is the button "Continue": this
will directly lead to the "Home Page" with a "href" to home.html this button has a css and javascript glow on it which will 
hint to the user to click the button. Underneath the button there will be 3 circles that are on a loop to keep enlarging
and decreasing in size (using webkit).

![alt text](https://github.com/HawkSP/HawkSP.github.io/blob/master/welcomescreen.PNG?raw=true "Welcome Screen Image")

# 1.4
---
### **Navigation Screen**
# 1.5
---
### **Activities Movie**
# 1.6
---
### **Try Surfing**
# 1.7
---
### **New This Year**
# 1.8
---
### **Find Out More**
